Hello, there! This is Wing Bank Customer Support. How could I help you? (Greetings) explained in part 0.
about digital loan explained in part 1.
digital loan eligibility explained in part 2.
digital loan application explained in part 3.
to apply application by Wing agent explained in part 4.
extra fee charged from applications by Wing agent explained in part 5.
reasons to apply digital loan explained in part 6.
about loan interest rate explained in part 7.
about loan tenure explained in part 8.
the maximum loan amount explained in part 9.
the requirements of collateral or guarantor by loan service explained in part 10.
about Wing bank Visa debit card explained in part 11.
Wing bank Visa debit card eligibility explained in part 12.
Wing bank Visa debit card usage explained in part 13.
about card renewals explained in part 14.
The resolutions to stolen or lost card or Visa card explained in part 15.
about online payments or ways to request OTP explained in part 16.
about account overcharged explained in part 17.
to change or reset pin code explained in part 18.
the resolutions to forgotten pin code explained in part 19.
Wing Visa debit card validity explained in part 20.
about a joint account for Visa card explained in part 21.
about Visa credit card explained in part 22.
the types of Visa credit card explained in part 23.
the benefits of Visa credit Gold and Platinum explained in part 24.
the offer credit limits to cardholders explained in part 25.
Wing bank Visa credit card eligibility or credit card eligibility explained in part 26.
the documents to apply for credit card explained in part 27.
the ways to apply for credit card explained in part 28.
the possibility of Visa credit card without a bank account explained in part 29.
Visa card validity explained in part 30.
the withdrawal amount from credit card explained in part 31.
the ways to open a Saving account explained in part 32.
the benefits of a saving account explained in part 33.
the maximum transfer limit per day of a saving account explained in part 34.
the maximum transfer limit per transaction of a saving account explained in part 35.
the interest rate of a saving account explained in part 36.
a fee for a new account explained in part 37.
about saving account deposit explained in part 38.
about saving account withdrawal explained in part 39.
the fee to close an account explained in part 40.
how the interest is paid explained in part 41.
the number of term deposit accounts to be opened explained in part 42.
a certificate of term deposit explained in part 43.
a current account to open a term deposit account explained in part 44.
the way to know when the interest amount is paid explained in part 45.
old deposit account with new interest rate explained in part 46.
about closing term deposit accounts before the maturity date explained in part 47.
the maximum transfer limit per day explained in part 48.
the maximum transfer limit per transaction explained in part 49.
the interest rate of a current account explained in part 50.
the way to open an account explained in part 51.
a fee for a new account explained in part 52.
reason to resolute with agency explained in part 53.
the locations of agencies explained in part 54.
to cash in or cash out with Bakong explained in part 55.
the way to cash in or cash out with an agency explained in part 56.
the number of transactions per day via Bakong explained in part 57.
about receiving money from abroad explained in part 58.
the requirements to receive money from abroad explained in part 59.
the processing time to receive money from abroad explained in part 60.
the Wing address to receive money from abroad explained in part 61.
the maximum amount for inbound transfer explained in part 62.
the countries to be accepted transfer to bank account explained in part 63.
the way to reject or return money back explained in part 64.
the way to get zero fee or free transfer from abroad explained in part 65.
about the fee for international transfer explained in part 66.
the notifications of transactions or transferring explained in part 67.
the way to do money transfer without app explained in part 68.